The Joe Rogan experience.
Hmm. And you would think, uh, it would be,
if you're going to hang yourself from such a short distance,
it would be even harder to get a fracture like that. Right.
Cause you're not like jumping out, looking at an old Western movie,
like Clint Eastwood movie when they would hang him, hang them high.
So the one thing that they also had in here was he left a note, oh Jesus. Uh,
the note said like, there was like four things. It said first that the,
it had the name blurred out, but it said this person left him in a shower,
locked for an hour, but then said,
someone else gave him like burnt food and then bugs were crawling over his
hands. And then he just wrote no fun,
but there's a ballpoint pen.
Like the one I have in my hand sitting right next to it. And like,
if you knew he was on suicide,
watch you wouldn't give him a ballpoint pen that you could kill himself with
Jamie, you.
Should be a detect.
What they're saying. And he had his us, his sleep apnea machine was in there.
It was there.
You could see an extension cord coming from the hallway into his room that
he could have just used that to kill himself in hangups. Jumpsuits.
Why does he have nine?
Yeah. The jumpsuit thing is freaky.
Like they're trying to explain it by bringing in some, some new.
So somehow this is actually a different video.
That's shown a couple of different things than what I saw this morning.
I didn't see this arm thing. And I didn't see the picture of his arm.
Thing. Looks like an injection spot. Is that what it looks.
Like? Here's the actual, this is what I saw. Here's the note.
What does this say? Sorry. It's at 60 minutes. Get their watermark.
So funny. Sorry. 60 minutes. Thank you. Thanks for getting this.
So this isn't.
Kept me in a locked it's blurred right here.
It says the names board kept me in a lock shop,
shower stall for one hour neck or, uh, someone, I don't know the name,
sending burnt food, giant bugs, crawled on my hands and then no fun.
And then they're saying, and then you end up,
but then this ballpoint pen was next to it that he could have stabbed himself in
the neck or whatever, you know?
Yeah. It's hard to kill yourself with a pen. Yeah. But do they get pens?
That's not usually, but this is like a.
You know, high profile cows. Yeah. I don't know. It's just, yeah.
I don't think he should have it. It might look it's,
it's bad to say either way.
If you don't know and I'm guilty of that a hundred percent.
I'm like that guy didn't kill himself. I am talking. Oh,
I'm not talking in terms of like,
we have to understand this is really important. We're uh,
we're doing a podcast when you're doing a podcast.
You don't have to be factually accurate. You just have to talk.
And hopefully if you up, you correct it. And it's funny. Um,
I'm not a science expert,
but when these guys are saying that the guy died by strangulation,
there's all these points of consistent strangulation.
And it takes forever to get these pictures.
And then there's the video cameras didn't work.
And this is the second time he tried to kill himself.
And he's a high profile witness and a really, really,
really important case involving pedophiles at the highest levels of government.
Yeah. I wouldn't, I would think that that's the kind of guy you whack.
It's like, you just wanted to buy the name. What's up with the sneakers.
The kids are wearing that have a, a green tag on them. I was,
it was explained to me, are we telling the boomers now is a green tea.
I'm not a boomer. Right? I'm a generation X and boomers. A state of mind. Oh,
okay, cool, man. This green tag, what is it? A off-white. Is that what it is?
Yeah. So they have this green tag on this pair.
I was buying a pair of Nike's for my kid and they're like, oh,
those are all fine. I go, what's up with this green thing? Yeah.
What did they go? You leave that on. I'm like, you.
I'm not leaving this stupid plastic tag on. No, you don't leave that on. Wait,
what, what can people do that thing? Giant tag.
They leave these stupid tags. And these are huge. They're cumbersome.
They look dumb, but where I'm on their shoe, it's part of the thing.
It's part of the grant. This person was trying to explain it to me.
It's part of the brand, look in five years, it's going to go away. Oh,
why is it here? Because it looks different. Now. It looks different.
It's like a flag should have a knife and this should go up to these kids and
just cut that off and go. No, we're about to go to war.
They're making you soft and stupid.
This is probably a plot by the Russians and the Chinese.
And the Iranians could try to make sure that our kids grow dumber and dumber.
The main thing. There's two things that are really,
really kind of happening in that region. One, the traffic, uh,
the trafficking of fentanyl and heroin and all these drugs
through one of the main drug routes up into the U S and there's a few factions
fighting over that, uh, region, low Salazar,
which are a small cartel faction that has allegiances to see lower
cartel and Alenia cartel,
which has historically been in control of a lot of Juarez.
So they're both kind of buying for control of the area. Uh,
a few hours before the massacre actually took place.
There were a bunch of firefights between these two factions in the area.
So one of the main theories is that these, uh, the,
this group of Mormons basically were casing mistaken identity kind of driving
into some of the areas where they're being protected by some of these people.
And it's one theory, right? Um,
the other thing that people kind of need to think about is that the largest
minable, uh,
mineable deposits of lithium on the planet right now are a few hours away from
where that massacre took place. Really? Yes.
And that is not conspiracy theory theorizing here,
but it's a pretty important thing in that region.
And there's a lot of interest in that space and control for that space.
And they're not mining it currently.
There's pro there's a bunch of projects in play right now.
So they've identified the deposits. Uh, yeah. You know,
people can look up the numbers, but it's,
it's the largest mineable deposit of lithium on the planet.
And there was some sort of deal, uh,
in the past where a Canadian mining agency was going to have rights to it.
And the mining agency was bought by the check by Chinese company.
So again, after that massacre, a lot of things happen.
A lot of the negotiations that happened that prob that deal was one of the
things that got killed after that situation. Oh, no. Right. So it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's an interesting area. There's a lot of things happening there.
That's kind of put a tremendous amount of pressure on the cartels in some way.
Right? Well, uh, historically, any sort of, uh,
any sort of mining operation usually has industry around it,
which is perfect for the cartels, you know, um, uh,
extortion protection rackets, um, uh, feeding the, the, uh,
drug use in the area from the workers.
I wi I blue pill with the out of it.
I don't try to get my son into conspiracy theories at all.
That's going to be later. I'm like,
I just want him to get to be later that's later, I'll get him when he's like,
that's right. But right now he can't handle it. There's no way.
There's no way he doesn't need to ask him to. And all his whole life,
every minute is happiness, just love and happiness.
And we just, we just want to make him every day.
He loves school more than anything. He loves school more than, he loves school.
And then after school, it's all about fun.
And he decides what we're going to do. He calls the shots.
You're going to go to karate. He goes today, we're going to do karate.
And then we're going to cause he's all in the baseball too.
And then we're going to go to the batting cages. My boom, that's it.
We go to karate, batting cages. Then I go teach jujitsu.
Then the next day he'll say, daddy, I think we're going to,
I'm going to take a relaxation day, worked a lot. The last couple of days,
let's go get let's order pizza from, uh, from, uh, Dino's in Burbank.
Amazing. And then we'll watch some teenage mutant,
ninja turtles. He's all about teenage. He decides.
And then every day it's a different thing.
What he wants it let's go to the movies today. Afterschool.
This is an evolution of you learning from like the pain of your childhood and
like doing all the right things.
My son, my dad, my dad, my dad had 19 kids.
And I was just one kid with my mom was like a weird offsite.
Like he had a family with five kids and then he got a bunch of other women
pregnant. He was all over the place truck driver. He had 19 kids.
I was one of 19, yet out of eight different checks. He was banging.
And he, um, never, I found out I met,
I met a couple of my half brothers and half sisters that were,
were actually part of his real family. And we met one day.
We went to the old spaghetti factory in Hollywood and he told,
they told me all about them. And I didn't know. I thought he had five kids.
He had a family with five kids and my mom was some chick. You know,
he was sitting on the side. That's what I thought. I didn't know.
He had a punch others because how would they go? She goes, how many?
My half sister goes, how many? I was half, half sister, half brother.
Cause how many kids do you think your dad has? I said, ah, six,
try 19. I go. He's like Helio, Gracie, holy.
Real similar. And one thing that he never told any, he never said the words.
I love you to anybody, to his real. He never said it to me.
Cause I would see him like once a year, that the words never came out of his.
I've never told my mom that.
Apparently he's one of those guys that will never say, I love you to anybody.
And I'm the opposite dude. I tell my son,
I look them in the eye every day was like, you know, who loves you the most?
You know, I'm in the, I love you the most or the mom and I whisper in his ear.
I'm like, you know, I'll kill anybody for you. Don't ever forget that. Whoa,
you're getting crazy, crazy with them. But it is important.
People know that you live in. It's a funny thing. Get now it's a funny thing.
Like first he's like, okay dad. Okay. And now he goes,
I'm not going to let you forget daddy. I won't forget.
I call you promise because I won't forget. I go.
I just want to make sure you don't forget. And he goes, okay. And he goes,
I daddy, I won't forget. I promise. And I hug him every day,
every day, man.